Good morning family.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Brandon and Diana again.
I think the last two videos about the trafficking and the one before that about all the things the Lord has been showing me have been heavy.
It's interesting because I'm letting you all into my private prayer time teaching because the Lord told me, 'I want you to be real and I want you to teach my people to pray.
' The only way I know how to teach you all, because I asked the Lord how to teach people to pray, is by demonstration.
Diana and I—I'm not a teacher.
I don't really know what that means other than I just keep coming on here and teaching you, showing you by example how I pray every day and how I've been doing it for years.
I don't feel like there's a wrong way, a right way, or a perfect way.
This is just how I do it, and obviously I get results, so I feel like I'm on the right road.
Not saying that everything I do is right or perfect, but I seek the Lord and he told me that the end is coming soon.
Do you understand the end of all things?
This dispensation of grace.
People go, 'Well, you see these things and you pray over these things,' and I told you all I don't feel that I'm a prophetic watchman in the sense that I see future things to pray about.
Am I like some of these guys on Sid Roth or whatever?
No, I don't feel like I am.
Obviously, I'm doing exactly what he's told me to do.
I don't know what that really entails.
All I know is that he's told me to go up higher.
Yesterday and today, I said, 'What does that look like?
How do you go higher with prayer?
How do you go into a different realm?
' I've listened to every prayer person that this generation has to offer—more than once, hundreds of times actually.
All day long, I listen to something and feed my spirit with my headset on or on my phone, driving in the car or whatever, seeking the teaching to get me to the next level.
Diana and I even said it today.
She goes, 'What does that look like, Braden?
We're wanting to grab onto something that we have no clue what we're grabbing onto.
' The only one that knows is the Holy Spirit, and he keeps telling us to go higher.
There's something major about to take place—a major shaking to awaken.
I know that Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming soon.
The only way the manifestation of what we're believing for—for the outpouring of the coming of the Lord, the glorious church, the bride—will be birthed out of prayer.
From stopping sex trafficking to wars and rumors of wars, protecting our loved ones, being in the right place at the right time—it's all birthed out of prayer.
Without prayer, I don't believe it's going to manifest like we want it to.
Even with the wealth transfer, the things I've seen about the wealth transfer—seeking him, like he said, 'Seek me and lose yourself in him by seeking him and you will find him'—so he can trust you with it.
He needs to trust you with that wealth transfer like he was showing us in prayer the other day.
Not seeking the money, not seeking for crypto to go up or whatever, but falling in love with him and listening to him because he'll tell you.
Seeking his face and you can have what is in his hand, just like he said: 'Seek my face.
You want what's in my hand?
' But the money is so shallow; falling in love with him is coming up higher to another level with him.
People go, 'Well, you've seen all this stuff—the stock market crash, the water shortages, and food shortages—well, when is that going to happen?
' I said, 'I have no clue.
All I know is I feel an urgency.
' As watchmen, as Diana and I pray and watch, we see these things coming.
We know it gets closer and closer every day, or we're pushing against it in prayer.
We're coming against these things and saying, 'Thus far, no further, Satan,' but some things will take place because we are in the last of the last days.
He said we would have plagues and pestilence, wars and rumors of wars, droughts and shortages.
We'll have fearful sights in the heavenlies.
He said we would have all that, but the Bible says that he has never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
That was David.
If that is in the Word, that's for me.
If he said, 'I will walk through the valley of the shadow of death and I'll fear no evil,' that means no matter what is going on, there's going to be some stuff going on.
If he told me that we've got to get Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 down inside of you like a pillar—he said if it is not, the devourer is going to eat your lunch, basically.
The Word is the foundation of everything we are as Christians—the believer.
It's through the Word that we'll know the truth and the truth will set us free.
I saw the storms coming.
I've seen major storms coming on the East Coast and now I'm seeing them on the West Coast.
Now I'm seeing a storm, but I'm seeing a Goshen, a beautiful area of revival throughout America, throughout these places that will be places of refuge for the body of Christ.
They will be places of great Holy Ghost and fire.
People say, 'Well, when is all this going to happen?
' I have a clue of what I feel in my spirit, but I have learned: do not quote time frames because it will catch your hand in the door.
Just pray.
None of the other stuff matters.
If you seek him, you'll find him, and he will show you and tell you, 'Sister so-and-so, you need to go and do this,' because you're staying in sync with him.
You're dancing; he's leading, you follow.
It's a dance.
Prayer is a dance, like I told you all.
In that, he'll say, 'Hey, today it's a good idea for you to go and get 20 cans of green beans' or a big bag of rice, or, 'Today is a day that I really want you to start seeking out a well for your property.
' If he doesn't speak to you, do not move.
I went and started buying stuff and the rats found it; the mice find it too and now they're eating all my stuff.
It's not for the cankerworm to eat all the stuff.
If you're moved out of fear or emotion, you will miss it.
But if you're staying in a dance with him, you will find him.
Maybe he's just telling you to start educating yourself about things like food prep, how to preserve your food, and how to store your food.
If we know in part and we see in part, let's pray for the whole part.
Diana said it last time: it's like a puzzle piece.
We pray over the puzzle piece we know we have in our hand.
We look at the puzzle and ask, 'Where do I put my puzzle piece?
Where does that puzzle piece fit?
' As I find the puzzle piece, I don't just put it down; I pray it through.
You pray it through, and God will give you another puzzle piece.
You get it in your hand and ask, 'Where does that puzzle piece fit?
' Until you see the picture, do not move.
You'll get piece after piece after piece.
The last three times it's been a different piece.
He's wanted me to pray over the trafficking, the wars, and all kinds of things.
I don't even remember some of the things.
I'm just like, 'Wow, this has been...
' I told Braden, who edits the videos—that's why I know he's memorized them—because it takes him time and he listens to it over and over again.
But I just know this: being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, you won't miss out on what you're supposed to have, when you're supposed to have it, and how much you're supposed to have—all of it—because you're staying in sync with him.
He may tell you something different than the guy in California; he could have a different word than the guy in New York.
No word is going to be cookie-cutter for every individual person.
We're all uniquely and wonderfully made.
And he's going to tell us something different than my friend down the road.
He could tell this person, "I want you to invest in this and this and this," and then the other person goes, "Well, I never heard that.
I don't feel like I'm supposed to do that.
" Well, should I do that?
No.
Only do what he tells you to do.
That's what Jesus said: "I only do what the Father tells me to do.
" That is a perfect plan.
Well, I don't hear him.
Well, it's time for you to learn.
Get your Bible.
Read the Bible until it becomes real to you.
Find a passage.
Find verses like Diana reads.
Diana—I've never seen anybody read her Bible like this woman does.
This woman reads her Bible, and she'll sit there and highlight and outline and do everything; she's continually feeding on the Word of God, reading it because it's becoming real to her.
And she goes, "Brandon, I've never seen this before.
" And I'm like, "How did you never see that before?
You've read that like five times.
" but she says, "I read something new today.
" And I'm like, "Wow, but you've read that so many times, baby.
" But today she got something new.
And she's in there telling me, "Look what I got today, Brandon.
I got something new today.
" and she's sitting there reading it to me and I'm like, "Yeah, that is new.
It's new.
The Bible's alive.
The Word of God is alive.
" That means it's always changing.
You know why?
Because you're changing.
And the way you heard it today will be different than the way you will hear it tomorrow, because we're going from glory to glory to glory.
And the Word of God is alive and is able to change you as you get in the Word.
And what you saw a year ago will be totally different than what you see tomorrow because we're changing.
That's why I try to tell you all: my job is never to teach fear.
It's never to scare you and go, "Oh, no.
" Because I've told you I don't feel fear about it; I don't feel fear about any of this.
I pray about it.
So, I don't want to ramble, but I just want to encourage you all to get in that beautiful book.
Get in that Bible and let it become life to you.
Breathe in those pages spiritually as you read it and just sit there.
Find a translation that ministers to you.
So many people get so stuck on it having to be King James.
And if it's not King James, it's not the real Word.
And I'm like, "But that doesn't minister to me.
" I don't understand these "thees" and "thous" and all that.
I'm just an old country boy.
I say, "Tell me something that I understand.
" If not, it isn't getting inside of you and you're wasting your time because the truth you know will set you free.
If you aren't knowing it and it isn't getting inside of you, you aren't getting free.
But people want to get all religious and stuff.
I just go, "Hey, there isn't any religion in this house.
We just want to be real with Jesus.
Relationship.
It's about relationship.
And we want to love Jesus.
" And when he tells us, "Brandon, I want you to go to a different, higher level," I'm going, "God, teach me how to get there because I want more of you.
I want to know you.
" And that's why we get so excited.
We go to Billy Burke meetings.
We go to them because we get something out of those meetings.
If I can go to another Billy Burke service at least one more time this year, or two more times...
Because that's what Diana does—we're always strategizing: where is he going to be?
Because he doesn't put a big schedule out.
And we're always like, "Show us, Lord.
" Because if he can be in this, we will put our money aside and be able to go and be a part of that.
Even if it's just a day, there's something about sitting in that anointing in the atmosphere.
If I find somebody else that's similar to it, I'll follow them, too.
It's not just about Billy Burke, y'all.
It's the glory.
I don't know Billy Burke well.
I've talked to him like two or three times and once on the phone.
He'll text me every once in a while and say, "I'm praying for you.
" He's a nice man.
But it's not about Billy Burke because I don't know him outside of the glory.
It's just wanting to be around the anointing.
Do you understand?
It's anybody.
It wouldn't matter who it was.
If I can experience the glory, I want to be there.
It doesn't matter what service it is.
I just want him because it's not Billy Burke that I'm after; it's the glory that I'm after.
It's just him.
And if I can seek him and find him, it will change my life forever.
In his presence, there's fullness of joy.
In his presence, there's fullness of peace.
In him, he can change my circumstances of everything I've ever been broke, busted, and disgusted about.
He'll change it in an instant if I can just touch his hem.
But I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get there.
One second, one thread—that's all it takes.
Whenever the Lord visits our house and it's real and it's tangible to me and Diana and Braden, Paisley, my little girl, there's just nothing like it.
I never rush whenever he comes.
When you have those visitations in your car and you're sitting there weeping and you just sit and go, "In your presence there is fullness of joy.
" And I know there's so many of you today that are so desperate.
I see the photos.
There's so many we can't even put them on the table anymore.
There's so much need.
There's so much brokenness, isn't there, baby?
We weep.
The man that says, "I'm embarrassed because I cannot tell the deacon or the people at the church that I battle with alcoholism because if I do, they'll criticize me.
" And I thought, "Oh, but I want to be free.
" He says he has nine children.
The pressure of life will drive a man to drink, but you're trying to fill the void that only Jesus can fill.
Alcohol will just drive and kill you.
I've seen it.
Pickle your liver.
My relative did it.
Died of alcoholism.
I saw it right there.
Killed him.
And all it is is you think, "If I just get one little sip, it will help numb the issues of my life with this alcohol.
" But then the devil opens the door when you open a little crack and you let him in by just a little bit of this, a little bit of that, and he takes a mile.
And the next thing you know, he has a noose around your neck and he's pulling you down in that pit and you say, "Oh, I don't know how to get out.
What do I do now?
" and you can't tell your pastor.
This whole letter broke me today because I said, "That's it.
This is it.
This is why we're on YouTube.
" We pray for you, you and your beautiful nine children.
My goodness, sir.
You have so many beautiful children.
They need you.
And the Lord wants you free from alcoholism, not for you to be ashamed and embarrassed.
We don't run away from God when we sin; we run to him.
And if you can't run to your people without them judging you and being judgmental and hurting you, I'd find a new church because that's not a place I want to go.
I would find a church that will help me, that will teach me the word and teach me how to get free.
But I'm glad you're here.
Diana is glad you're here.
We pray for you.
I seriously went before your photo.
Your family is beautiful and God has a plan for your life, sir.
It is not for you to walk in alcoholism; it is not for you to feel why you turned to it in the first place.
You have a lot of mouths to feed and a lot of responsibility; nine kids is a lot.
But every single one of them...
I told Diana we went through and looked at all of our past photos, and I was looking at how bad I wanted to be where I am right now.
I was pushing so hard and was so concerned at that time about never ever having enough food for the kids, living on food stamps, and doing all that we were doing—being a janitor and going through the process of life—that I missed out on all the kids' childhood because I was so focused on working all the time for nothing, trying to make a living, trying to get what I could to provide for the family, and struggling as much as we worked when we didn't have anything, working overtime, or whatever extra jobs you could do.
But what the Lord showed me, the bottom line is: 'Do you see all that I took care of you through?
I was always there even whenever you didn't realize it.
' Do you see?
I can see His hand in something so beautifully as I am able to stop and look at pictures and say, 'I see God there.
I see God there more than I've ever seen Him before.
' Now I'm in another place and I'm pushing this channel and this ministry, trying to do it with all my heart.
It just gets to that place of taking the care out of my prayer: 'Be careful for nothing, but in everything with prayer and supplication, make your requests known unto God with thanksgiving.
' Stay in that atmosphere of praise and thanksgiving.
I know the pressure of life tries to draw down all that, but stay in that atmosphere of thanksgiving and call those things that are not as though they were.
We pray for you, sir.
That devil in hell that is trying to drown out all that stuff, making you feel guilty—it's time to let that go.
Jesus loves you so much and He has a plan for your life.
I believe that devil from hell and that alcoholism is broken off of your life.
You are set free from alcoholism, and those nine kids are going to have a father to raise them up.
They are going to see a daddy that's strong and courageous.
You're taking that devil's head of alcoholism and breaking it off of your life, and you're not going to be in that bondage anymore.
Sir, we believe today that you're set free from that.
We love you and we pray for you.
Well, let's take communion together.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Say, 'Father, we thank You for the body.
Lord, we lift it up before You.
' You said You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, we are healed.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we thank You, Lord, that what You bore in Your body, we need not bear.
All of it—all sickness, all sin, all disease, and all bondage of all kinds—You took it on the cross for us.
We take this boldly in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood.
We apply the blood, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of these people today.
We plead the blood of Jesus over Diana and me and the children.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our finances.
We thank You, Lord, that You provide for us and take care of us.
We thank You, Lord, that there's more than enough to give to the Kingdom of God and promote the Gospel throughout the whole world.
We thank You, Lord, that everything we put our hands to prospers.
We apply the blood of Jesus over everything from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Father, we apply the blood and thank You for it.
We thank You, Lord, that our sins are washed in the blood and for the blood that keeps us protected, whole, and well in Jesus' name.
Now, that's how I take communion.
Some people say, 'Well, that's not how the priest does it.
' That's how I do it, and it works for me, and He honors me with it.
He's never corrected me or said I'm off.
No, the Lord says, 'I love you.
' Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, we enter into Your throne room boldly.
Holy Spirit, we dance.
What is it that's on Your heart this evening that we can pray and seek You?
For when we seek You, we'll find You.
If there's anything we can do or pray for, help us to do it big and bold for You right now.
We rest in You.
We ask for You to guide us right now.
Holy Spirit, guide us.
Let us pray the perfect prayer through tongues and interpretation of tongues.
Father, show us those things to come.
As we sit on our wall and watch, looking out over the edge of time, speak to us and show us that which is to come, things that are close and things that are far off.
We have eyes to see and ears to hear what the Spirit is saying today.
We bind the devil off of our ears and eyes so that we see only what the Good Shepherd has for us to see and hear only what You have for us to hear.
We take authority over satanic or demonic distraction or any kind of snares; the very pit they dug to try to put us in, they fall in themselves.
We thank You, Lord.
Holy Spirit, we thank You that You show us those things to come and that You're leading and guiding us and praying through us.
We hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Now I'm onto something.
I see jets.
I see fighter jets, F-16s, the Air Force.
We have to pray over Trump.
We pray over his mind and for wisdom right now concerning this.
We pray over our secret intel, over the hidden things, over the Pentagon, over our military, and over our Secret Service people—the people in the field and Israeli intelligence.
How to get around things; an acceleration of this.
Oh, plots and plans.
I see Iran, the Houthies, and these rebels.
I see Iraq and the bases in Iraq.
I see drones coming out of Iran.
Wouldn't that be an act of war?
Two fronts: one in the Middle East, one in Europe.
Two fronts.
And Israel's involvement...
I see three areas.
Now I'm seeing Kim Jong-un's face again.
I see Russia meeting with North Korea; great agreements.
I see Iran in the mountains again.
I see nuclear facilities in the mountains.
It's like in a ridge; there's a mountain over here and a mountain over there.
The facility is hidden on the inside of this mountain.
It is on the right-hand side.
The Houthies are a distraction from what the true mission is.
What is going on over here is an attempt to keep busy from what they are truly trying to do.
This is a distraction to deter Trump.
This is to try to cause mud in the water.
This is mud in the water trying to deter a sleight of hand from what is truly going on over here.
We will distract you in the water, with the boats, and with this so that you do not focus over here.
There will be an acceleration of this in the days ahead with more acceleration of distraction.
But no, you are not distracting Israel.
They know what you are doing.
They have been on the trail for a while now.
I pray for all secret service, security, and the spies.
We pray for the people uncovering this darkness, for this would cost their life if they were found.
We call for a divine hedge of protection.
What the devil means for bad, you are going to turn around for good, Father, for they are on both sides.
But there is a mole within our own government.
It is one person trying to do this secretly.
They try to devise the plans of what we are trying to do.
We call the mole uncovered.
Even after work, they try to communicate through an avenue of hidden communication.
It is almost a deciphered code.
Only they would know how to use certain words and letters.
It is not family they are talking to.
It is relayed twice, from one and then another.
It is a deep trail.
This is well thought out.
We pray over our servicemen and women in Iraq.
We pray for our bases in Iraq.
We pray for a hedge of blood around them right now from any surprise attack, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it in the name of Jesus.
We pray for wisdom for Trump in making these decisions ahead.
It is like a chess match.
He needs wisdom.
We pray for wisdom for his mind and for the people around him not to think with a reprobate mind.
We thank you, Lord, that he thinks through you to a higher level than he has ever thought before.
He has to see many steps ahead like chess.
It is not just one move; it is seeing the other moves before he moves.
He is running strategic plans through his mind, measuring each decision.
He needs the Holy Ghost's plan.
We pray for his spirit to catch it out of the realm of the spirit.
We bring forth the divine plan of knowing what to do to make the step to go right through.
They are trying to poke the beehive.
They try to stir it up over here.
It is a sleight of hand.
They want to keep you occupied over here while they hide in the mountains.
We call the hostages released.
We take authority over this demonic spirit that tries to rule over this area.
The very pit they dug is the only leverage they have.
They cannot reveal all their cards.
This is many days of prayer.
Even with what is going on with Russia, the backup plan is that they want all of Ukraine.
He wants the whole thing, the old Soviet Union, building back every block that was taken.
This is a plan drawn out for a decade.
Jesse, I see a long, drawn-out plan.
They are thinking chess, too.
This is way deeper by Putin, way deeper than just thinking of a war with Zelensky.
But North Korea does not want to be underneath this anymore; they want free trade.
They want to be able to be a part of world trade.
And there are things being said with Russia promising them a better tomorrow for the price of war.
They're sending troops, aid, bombs, and missiles to help.
"You help us, we'll help you.
" It's with the BRICS.
It's interesting to see.
It's interesting to me, Diana, that Iran is still out over here.
I see Iran as a stepchild over here, more than what they want to do with North Korea.
There's more about North Korea because they have nuclear capabilities.
There's greater darkness over here with what North Korea has that's secret.
Their weapons are secret.
There's something more dangerous they have over here.
I see they're offering them something greater than what North Korea has.
Interesting.
You've got to come up higher.
I hear Him say it again: there are many prophets prophesying down on this level, but you must come up higher and prophesy from the throne room.
The higher the level, the greater the ability to see.
You cannot see when you're too close to the situation.
You must come up higher in prayer.
You've got to come up higher in prayer, and you will see from the eagle eye, from the throne, from the third heaven.
Looking down, you're able to see higher.
But when you're only able to see in front of you while you're down here—and there are many of them—they must come up higher in prayer.
They say one thing right here because they're only looking at this level.
But if they come up here, they will be able to see into it better.
Trump put a kink in the hose; they're trying to figure out how to maneuver around it because they know he doesn't bluff.
If Kamala Harris had won, it would have been a very bad situation.
But we have a window.
We pray for Trump's safety and for his children.
We pray that no attempts on his life would be successful.
We pray for him to be covered by the blood.
Father, we ask for the angels of the Lord to camp around him.
In this window of divine prosperity, increase, and acceleration, Father, we will have the glory of the Lord.
2025, 2026, 2027—the glory of the Lord.
We pray for his protection.
We pray for Trump and protection over his marriage, his children, and the judges.
This persecution from the judges—we call it down.
This is demonic.
I see the demonic influence behind this, and it's on a greater scale than what people realize because it's being funded by very dark people.
I told you these dark people are funding it now.
There's this judge in the way of what's going on.
More will rise up; I see one, and then two more.
More people are coming on the scene.
Darker people are coming, trying to stop and cause roadblocks even in the decisions in the next two to three years.
They are trying to stop these things, but the Lord says He has this.
We pray and call for an exposing.
We call for favor in the Supreme Court.
Amy Coney Barrett—we call her heart to turn back right.
It's demonic influence; I see them messing with her.
We've got to pray for these judges.
They're under great demonic pressure.
We pray a hedge around them, that the angels of the Lord would camp around them and war on their behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, may they war on our behalf.
It's the deciding factor.
She's a deciding factor.
There are big decisions with her and John Roberts.
There is demonic influence on him.
We must have them for the decisions that will come.
We must pray for these two on a greater scale because great decisions will be in the balance for acceleration as they come against these judges.
Two more judges are rising up.
I saw these bad people influenced by a satanic agenda and funding by the Democratic Party—dark judges.
Do you see how it keeps building?
As I pray, the Lord keeps giving me more pieces of the puzzle.
He says, "Look, I want you to look.
" So now I'm showing you all.
There are many of you who can take a piece of it and help pray over it.
I'm bringing it to the watchmen.
If you feel called, pray for these two judges.
There's demonic interference trying to sway the vote.
But there are these three bad judges who will rise up to try to put roadblocks in the way of the deportation of criminals.
In the next two years—a window of 2025, 2026, 2027—big decisions will be made.
Things will shift with the economy.
We have a four-year window.
We are praying for this and for protection for him so that this will not be a stalemate presidency.
God needs things done.
We must stand as watchmen on the wall and intercede for this nation because as America goes, so goes the world.
I'm telling you what I saw in Europe and what is being strategically planned; this is bigger than what we see in front of our faces.
You have to get outside of the trees and come up higher.
This is a bigger plan.
We're only looking at right now because we're looking for the Rapture, but this is much bigger because they don't care about a Rapture; they care about world dominance.
Outside of Trump's four-year window, it's strategic like chess pieces, trying to take back the old Soviet Union.
You have to come up higher.
Most people are prophesying from the trees, pulling it out of the natural instead of hearing the spiritual.
They prophesy what is easy and what they think you want to hear.
But you have to come up higher, for the time is near.
Jesus Christ is coming.
Glory to God.
There's so much we could have prayed over for hours—every single one, even the troops in Iraq.
I saw strategic battle, stealth, and drones trying to hurt our troops.
It's a distraction.
They are distracting you here because they're doing something else over there, and they want to keep you focused on the Houthies.
This is a distraction.
They're dark over here, and it's even darker with North Korea.
Well, we live on the victory side.
We're not moved by it, but this is strategic.
And so we pray together as the Holy Spirit leads us.
And so we'll pray as a team, as a prayer group.
We are able to do things, folks, when many hands make light work.
So, glory to God.
Thank you for joining us today.
Like I said, I could pray over this with you all for hours, but I know that a lot of people only pray for a certain amount of time and then they all go away.
So we want effective prayers.
I appreciate the time you give us.
Thank you for being here, for praying with us, and for taking this seriously.
Thank you that you come back tomorrow and we'll pray again.
We keep praying into this.
So, glory to God.
If you could like the video, subscribe, click the notification bell, and comment down below, whatever you can do to help us with the algorithm.
We're trying to reach a million people, a million men and women prayer army, all for the glory of God as we pray.
Imagine, folks, when we have a million people praying with us on a day-to-day basis.
What will that entail?
A million people from around the world will pray.
The Lord said we will change the course of nations through the power of prayer.
Glory to God.
We just want to say thank you for joining us today.
God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.